# aws-automated-ami-generator
#*Title:* AWS EC2 Golden AMI Pipeline


#*Cloud Provider:* Amazon Web Service (AWS)


#*Platform:* AWS Cloudformation


#*Script Language:* JSON


*Purpose:* This script automates the process of EC2 AMI generation that can be helpful in autoscaling and patching Instances with latest OS and Security updates. It is a JSON Script will create a pipeline which will generate an Automatic EC2 Golden AMI generator pipeline using EC2 Image Builder functionality.


*Elements and Explanation:*


*Pipeline:* Guided process that uses Image Recipe to generate AMIs as per instructions and schedules.


*Component:* Contains extra configurations and upgradations required to be included in the AMI generated by the pipeline.


*Infrasturcture Configuration:* Contains EC2 AMI infrastructure specifications.


*Distribution Configuration:* Contains EC2 AMI deployment specifications.


*Image Recipe:* Combines together the Parent Image, New Configurations defined in Component Block and other configuration to generate the guiding instructions used by the pipeine block to generate the AMIs.


*Parameters:*


1. Deployment Region
	
2. EC2 Parent Image ID
	
3. EC2 Instance Profile ID
	
4. Instance Type
	
5. SecurityGroupID
	
6. SNS Topic
	
7. Subnet ID
	
8. VPC ID

Deployment Process:


1. Copy AWS EC2 Automated Golden AMI Generator Pipeline script in Cloudformation.
	
2. Specify your parameters by editing the Parameters block in the beggiging of the script.

3. Specify your configurations in the Component Block.
	
4. Edit the Cron Job Schedule for the Pipeline in ImageBuilder::ImagePipeline Block and also set the Pipeline Status as Enabled Or Disabled.
	
5. Create the stack.
